Hee-hee!
Oh!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Get back in line.
Alright. come on now.
We're gonna take it from the
top. And get it right this time.
One. two. three. four. Stop!
Breathe together. You gotta feel
it. You hear it? Take it from the top.
One. two. three. four.
Ah. up here.
Michael. I'm gonna
need your outline. At me.
I'm gonna need my broken
doors. Cause I'm a bitch boy now.
That's what I'm looking for.
Someone to love. Oh yeah.
All right. I think that's good. All right.
all right. all right. all right. all right.
I think that's all right. It's gonna
feel better when you get it right.
Eat your food. please.
Stop!
Hey. Mikey. why are you
playing with your food?
You need to stop
playing with your food.
Come on. you know
who never eats?
Shut up. LaToya. You shut up.
I was fine talking to you.
Look. I made a fish.
I see. but that's
a weird to eat.
All right. now listen up. boys.
I know you would
never let me down.
And I...
I think you're ready.
So I've booked us a few gigs.
We start in Illinois tomorrow.
two shows in the morning.
Wait. wait. wait.
Joseph. we don't need
to work them that hard.
Work?
They don't know the
first thing about work.
I understand that.
but they have school.
Let me tell you something.
In this life. you're either
a winner or you're a loser.
You hear me?
Y'all are some poor black
kids from Gary. Indiana.
Shit ain't nothing
gonna be had it to you.
But you gotta fight for it.
Y'all wanna work in a steel mill
like me for the rest of your days?
No. sir.
Yeah. because I
sure as hell don't.
Unless you work harder.
Harder than anyone else.
This is your life.
Y'all willing to fight for it?
Yes. sir.
I need to hear
you a little louder.
Y'all willing to fight for it?
Yes. sir.
Now I want you to reach out like you're
about to touch that wall. but not quite.
Like this. all right?
Reach out.
Come on.
But don't touch it.
All right?
Good.
That's it.
Keep your arms up.
Now. I want you
to look at that wall.
All right?
Close your eyes.
We're gonna reach out together.
As one.
As a family.
No more Jackie.
Tito.
Jermaine.
Marlin.
From now on.
You're the Jackson Five.
Hey.
Hi. boys.
That was crazy.
Hey. mother.
Why don't you wash your hands
and get your night clothes on?
It's getting late.
Hold up.
No. no. no.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
Set up your instruments.
Come on.
They have school in the morning.
What do you mean?
You don't have time for no
nighty night and sweet dreams.
We need to rehearse
so we can get it right.
Come on.
Set them up.
Why?
We're tired.
And we did good.
I guess it's fine.
You tired?
And you think you did good?
Is that right. Michael?
Yes. Joseph.
We did good.
Michael. come over here.
Come here.
You looking at me like
I ain't talking to you?
Boy. you come
over here when I call.
What?
My opinion on that around here?
Boy?
Joseph. stop it!
You gonna mind me. boy?
No!
We will rehearse
until you get it right.
In this life. you're either
a winner or a loser.
That's right.
You gonna cry. go on cry.
Go on. Big Nose.
Set it up.
Michael and his mother...
Both of all slowly circle
each other for a long moment.
Neither spoke.
Captain Hook met his fate in the
jaws of his old enemy. the Crocodile.
Neverland was finally free.
Five. six. five.
six. seven. eight.
Michael. keep your eyes out
here. Michael. put it out here.
Once they've done all
the things you set out to do.
Spend. there's a
crown for you to bear.
Things you'll go through
if you're going anywhere.
The things you know are right.
It's the truth that the
truth makes you up to.
Spend through all the
things you wanna reap.
If it's good to complete
and there's no deal.
What's up? That's
it. get those up.
That's all right
here. right here.
Spend. they were
trying to make you cross.
And they know what you
say makes no sense at all.
Spend. don't you
know that you are free?
Well. they really suffer
when you want to be.
Memories.
Handsome young fella.
Now. ladies. don't let
them break your heart.
Ladies and gentlemen. let's
give it up for the Jackson Five.
Hi. boys.
Hi.
He's adorable.
Come on. come on.
come on. come on.
You never can say goodbye.
No. no. no.
I never can say goodbye.
Even though the pain and heartache
Seems to follow me wherever I go.
I hide my feelings. they
always shamed the show.
You like my boys? Are you their manager?
Joseph Jackson. Suzanne DePass. from Motown.
Motown. It's God-given talent right there.
Perfect pitch. Perfect pitch? We ain't there yet.
The things he can
do with that voice.
I'll be in touch. Mr. Jackson.
I'm Mr. Roy. Mr. Roy is here.
Suzanne. boys. good to see you again. Have
y'all been learning the song we gave you?
Practicing. Thank you. Dave.
We'll start with Michael.
Michael. um. you're
moving too much.
Alright. here we go.
Michael. you're doing it again. Take a step
closer to the microphone. That's it. And
I'm gonna need you to keep your feet still.
You understand me? Give me the same lead.
No. he's just getting it.
I just need five minutes.
Say. Joe. sir. why don't
you worry about keeping
the board is on schedule.
hm? We got this over here.
Luckily from me
take a second look...
What did I tell you?
Let me tell you something.
son. I've been doing this a
long time. I've never heard
a voice quite like yours. You
sang that song better than
Smokey himself. Really? It's
special. You have something
to say. That's rare. Michael.
Yeah. this is the fader.
Come on. try it. Come on
up. This fader goes up
and down and it sets the
levels to the volume. It
can make your voice sound
louder or softer. Right?
Yeah. These knobs up here.
that's for your EQ. What's
EQ? Equalization. You
see. when we record.
we split things up in track.
Excuse me. Time to go.
Michael. Mr. Gordy's a very
busy man. I'm sure you've
taken up enough of his time.
Go ahead on. Michael. I can
show you this stuff some other time.
Right? Okay. Mr. Gordy.
Thank you. Mm-hmm.
Hey. Michael. You can ask
me anything. Anytime you want.
All right. So. how old are you?
Ten.
No. you're not
ten. You're eight.
In this business. you can make up
just about anything. especially your age.
One. two. three.
baby. you are me. girl.
Michael! Michael.
how old are you?
Come on. I'm eight. sir.
Ended up in reading
about the Serengeti.
Learning about all different types
of lions. tigers. monkeys. giraffes.
One day. you and I will
have more friends to play with.
Wouldn't that be fun?
Look at this
picture. You like it?
Come on. Michael.
Joseph wants you.
And make sure you put
your rat in the cage this time.
It's disgusting.
Come on. now.
Meet Bill Bray. He's your
new head of security. all right?
Now. he's gonna be around a lot.
Make sure you mind him.
Nice to meet you. Mr. Bray.
It's very nice to meet
you. too. young man.
You can call me Bill. okay?
Okay. Bill.
Guard him with your life.
Michael. you're
missing the best part.
And llamas have three
stomachs so they can digest
their food because all
they eat is vegetables.
And they're really smart.
very intelligent creatures.
And best of all.
they never ever bite.
That's what you
said about the rats.
No. really. Llamas never bite.
They only spit when
they're agitated.
So you want me to bring some
spittin' agitated animal into my house?
They live outside. Come
on. please. please. say yes.
I'll look after him.
Absolutely not. Michael.
Mother has enough
things to worry about.
And you don't need another pet.
They're not my pets.
They're my friends.
Well...
I do understand that.
But don't you want to meet real
friends like kids your own age?
I would like that for you.
I do sometimes. but
I'm not like the other kids.
They don't treat me
like a real person.
And all they want to do is stare
at them and take pictures of me.
You look at me. Michael.
I knew you were different
the moment you were born.
from your brothers.
And that's okay.
You have a very special light.
And you know what Jehovah says?
He says. let your light
shine unto the world.
Now you let your light shine.
Do you understand me?
Yeah.
Don't you ever let anyone
take that away from you.
Not even yourself.
Huh.
The next song we're gonna
do is one of our favorites.
You guys ready?
Let's make it fine.
We must bring salvation back.
Shedding the past.
Embracing freedom.
That's your album
right there. brother.
That's what people want.
Pure escapism. Quincy.
That's it?
Yeah.
So. how are you gonna tell
your father about a solo album?
Breaking away from the
family. he's not gonna like that.
I'm not a kid anymore. Q.
I'm gonna look him
straight in the eye.
Tell him to his face.
I need you to tell my father
that the solo album is your idea.
Okay.
I'm gonna have a drink.
Michael.
We love you doing a solo album.
Honestly. that's why
we signed you all to Epic.
No disrespect to
your family. but...
This is what we were hoping for.
Great.
I just. I think it'll be better.
coming from you guys.
Anything we can
do to help. Michael.
So. tell us about the album.
Okay.
Well. this album. it's
really important to me.
I just. I need the freedom to write the
music and lyrics that pop into my head.
You know. to express
myself creatively.
I want a whole new
sound. a whole new me.
Quincy Jones producing.
Route Timberton. he's
working on songs right now.
It sounds terrific. Michael.
Consider it done.
So. we feel like Michael doing a solo
album would be really great for the label.
And. more importantly.
for the Jackson brand.
They could help each other with PR and
merchandising and feed each other. you know?
Feed.
Sure.
So. I guess you're
okay with all this?
Of course. gentlemen.
Whatever's good for
Michael. it's great for me.
And if there's anything you need.
don't hesitate to... Only thing is...
Michael can do whatever
he wants in his spare time.
So long as he continues
to work with his brothers.
He... I'm sorry?
I own his ass from nine to five.
After that. it's up to him.
If he wants to cut an album
at midnight. so fine with me.
As long as he's at that
microphone at 9am sharp.
That's what works around here.
My house.
Understood.
I appreciate you
gentlemen stopping by.
Shows respect.
Our pleasure. Joe.
Yeah.
I'm so excited to start
recording with Q tonight.
I wish you could come.
I'm a little nervous.
but more excited.
Better be more excited.
Just have all these
ideas in my head.
Just constantly floating.
Just gotta get them out.
Let me get some sleep. Louie.
I'll be back in the morning.
I'll tell you all about it.
You ready. Joker?
Yeah.
Just hit it.
You want me to drive?
Not this time. Joker.
Sure about that.
Next time.
I'd rather let Louie drive.
Take your time.
Settle in.
No rush.
And. uh...
Keep these feet still.
Q. can you do me a favor and
lower the lights for me. please?
Just a little bit.
Thanks.
You're confident.
You're strong.
You're beautiful.
You're the greatest of all time.
You ready?
I'm melting.
Like hot candle wax.
Sensation.
Of live where we at.
So let love.
Take us through
the hours Uh. uh. uh.
..
I won't be complaining Uh. uh.
uh. uh. cause there's just love power.
Let's just seem all.
It's almost here. Hurry up. What is it this time?
It's a surprise. Is it a part? Did you get a damn
Ferrari. Mike? Mike. I'm
going back to bed. Valentino.
I wake your father up.
LaToya. Do you know about me?
What's going on? What you
got going on. Mike? You'll see.
It's okay. It's okay. I want you
to meet my new friend. Bubbles.
I rescued him from this awful place. You
know. where they do testing on animals.
Welcome to the family.
Michael. you do know that chimps
are wild animals that don't
belong in a house in Encino.
Mother. I'll take
good care of them.
I will. I promise. Does he
bite? Oh. no. No. he's sweet.
But. you know. chimps are
sensitive. though. you know. to certain
sounds and people. You know.
they either hide or they attack.
It's okay. Bubbles. It's
okay. You're safe now.
I want to make some music. huh?
That's me. I just released my new album.
Those are my demos. Don't mess that up.
Here. I want to show
you this. Look. See?
This is Neverland. I
come here all the time.
It's filled with magic. adventure.
pirates. Here. I'll help you.
Look. The Lost Boys. This is my favorite
page. It's Peter Pan. And the shadow.
So. Michael. Surgeries. Have you
had any surgeries in the past five years?
Mm-mm. What about
medications? Are you taking any?
No. ma'am. Just Beniclin
cream from a viniligo.
Oh. I'm sorry. You know. it's much
more common than people think.
Has it spread?
A little bit. yeah.
Yeah. but. you know. the cream.
it helps even out my skin. too.
Oh. I see. yeah. Michael.
Good to see you again.
We're almost ready for you.
Any. uh. any last questions?
Oh. no. I'm ready.
I need to make a few
marks around the nose.
You know. you're a
pretty good-looking kid.
You sure you want to do this?
I'm not a kid anymore.
And my nose is too big.
I'm not sure that's true.
You see. my face
isn't symmetrical.
For the photographs and all.
I have to be perfect.
Oh. You're the boss.
Just relax.
Hey!
What's going on. son?
Son?
Michael?
Boy?
Come here.
Let him know what...
Let me see something.
Hey.
It's from my sinuses.
I guess I'll always be a gamer.
Dreaming my life away.
My dream is gone away.
Maybe I should get a nose job.
You think so?
Yes. I do.
Muscle says everybody does it.
Mm-hmm.
All the big stars.
All our favorite ones.
Well. it looks great.
You really think so?
I do.
See. I want a new look.
Oh. yeah?
I'm gonna reinvent myself.
Hmm?
You know?
Now that I'm doing
my own thing and...
I want the world to
see me differently.
Not a boy in a kid band anymore.
Look around. Michael.
Your fans love you.
They're not my fans.
They're part of my family.
It's just time
for me to start...
taking control of
my own destiny.
Mm-hmm.
You know?
I wanna be who I wanna be.
Mikey.
Joseph just called a meeting.
Careful. he's hungry.
How hungry?
He's pretty hungry.
For. like. a mouse?
Maybe.
There he is.
Man of the hour.
Come on. sit down.
Sit down.
Now. y'all real happy
about Michael's success.
That's lovely to see.
It's heartwarming.
I mean. he can go all the way.
Right to the top.
All by himself.
Wouldn't there be something?
Oh. man.
Let me tell you.
The Jackson family is the brand.
That's our Coca-Cola.
There. so we need to open
up the store and start selling.
Oh. you know what's
gonna happen?
Folks gonna go out there
and start buying some Pepsi.
We gotta get in there
again and bend the wares.
So. I've decided.
I'm arranging a
tour in a live album.
Well. how are we gonna
tour without Jermaine?
Your brother made his choice
when we left Motown and he stayed.
Let him live with it.
The point is. we need to
capitalize on Michael's album.
So. we're gonna
do a bunch of songs.
Joseph. I...
I...
I need to think.
No. sir.
I told you what to think.
You got a problem
with that. Michael?
We need to have a reasonable
conversation about this. Joseph.
You think now. because you're
a big superstar and you got this
big hit album. that you're better
than everybody in this house?
Is that it?
Better than your brothers?
You need to think.
You think you're
better than me. boy?
Joseph. that is enough!
Is that it. Michael?
Huh?
You better stop...
Let's go.
Where do you want to go?
Just drive.
I'm so sick of it. Bill.
All of it.
Joseph's exploiting me.
I had a whole plan.
Trackless.
The visuals.
I wanted to do a solo tour.
Just...
Just ruining it all.
I need my freedom.
Well... You can move out.
I'm not ready for that.
It's not that easy.
Life's not easy. son.
I'll tell you.
I love my family.
I do.
I just want to do my own thing.
Joseph's never gonna change.
Only thing he cares
about is the Jackson family.
Huh?
And no matter what you do.
he's only ever gonna
see it as a family success.
Get your own team.
Get you a good lawyer.
Think about it.
You too.
You have a good lawyer.
And then... No...
Then... The two of us... Need look
no more... We... We... We... We... We...
We...
We appreciate you coming in. and we applaud
your decision to seek independent counsel.
We can assure you the most comprehensive
attention to your entire media portfolio.
At Hardy Berovec. we believe in treating
our clients as family. and we want you...
I already have a family.
Too much of one.
I mean. the whole
point's going solo. right?
So. that means you're probably gonna
break a few hearts over there in Encino.
Unless I'm missing something.
Do I know you?
No. I don't think so.
You sure?
Yeah. I think I'd remember.
Who are you?
John Brinker.
You handle the Beach Boys.
Yeah. I do.
Neil Diamond. Bob Dylan. a couple
other guys. and now I work here.
I like the Beach Boys.
Me too.
Brian Wilson's a genius.
Some of the best
harmonies in rock and roll.
You know what I'm
after. Mr. Brinker?
Sure.
You want to be the
biggest star in the world.
Can you help make that happen?
Yes.
How?
Because I believe
there's no one like you.
And there never will be.
Mr. Jackson.
Mr. Jackson. I apologize.
He's my guy.
Can you leave us
alone for a second?
Please.
Of course.
Yes.
Okay. Mr. Brinker.
Here's your first job.
I need you to fire Joseph.
You're dead.
You don't want
to fire your dead.
I mean. how would
you like me to do that?
Quickly.
Yes.
LaToya. get the
hell out of here.
Kate. look at this.
Can you look at this?
The boy fired me
with a piece of paper.
A piece of paper couldn't
even be man to man. huh?
Look me in the eye and do it.
That boy's gonna feel my
belt when they get in here.
No. he's not.
Yes to hell. he is.
What are you gonna do. beat him?
You gonna whoop him?
He's grown.
What'd you say to me?
I said you can't do it no more.
You can't whoop nobody.
You can't beat nobody.
And if you don't
like it. you can leave.
And the next time you see
your son. you oughta thank him.
Everything we have
is because of him.
And don't you ever forget that.
Everybody seems to forget.
that I'm the one that
got us out of Gary.
And everything I've
done is for this family.
You go on ahead
and keep thinking that.
Enjoy yourself. enjoy
yourself with me.
yourself. enjoy yourself with me.
Yeah. enjoy yourself.
You can go down this side.
Yes.
Thanks.
No. I'm back.
I love you.
I'm so excited.
This looks really cool.
That's you.
That's Michael Jackson.
What?
It's Michael Jackson.
Please excuse him.
Are you actually really...
I'm Michael.
Wow.
I wonder...
I'd love an autograph.
For my son.
I mean...
Of course. Yeah.
He's a huge fan.
Here.
How about I sign this?
What's your name?
You can just make
it out to Pauline.
Mom.
Pauline.
Is that the new Atari game?
I love that.
You played it?
Oh. yeah.
All the time.
Just be sure to keep
talking left when you fire.
That's how you power up.
Cool.
Thank you.
Of course.
Hi.
Would you like an autograph?
Yes. please.
What's your name?
Annika.
It's a pretty name.
What do you say. baby?
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thanks. everybody.
Who's Tiki?
You want to make it. baby?
Okay.
Yeah.
Oh. here. here.
I got it.
Oh.
What's going on?
Hey. Mikey.
What's up. Mikey?
Too short.
Who's ball is it. Nicholas?
Guys. look.
I got a Twister.
Twister?
You want to play tonight?
Really?
What are you going
to do with Twister?
Come on. it'll be
like the old days.
We love you. Mike. but I got
to be home with the family.
I can't be playing games.
And the rest of us
are going out tonight.
Yeah. Marlon's got a hot date.
Yeah.
Tomorrow. what time
are you going to be home?
We can play then.
Yeah. Marlon's going to be
playing his own game of Twister.
Yo. Jackie. I'm always lucky.
Yeah. right.
You guys are no fun anymore.
Come on. Mike.
Don't be like that.
It's okay.
Don't worry about that.
It takes a long time to learn.
I'm a professional dancer.
You want some ice cream?
Okay. but then I've
got to go to work.
Don't break anything.
I'll be back.
I was thinking
about framing this.
Read it.
Go on.
Beat it.
Firing your own father.
What kind of son does that?
You got a lot to
learn about family.
Hi.
Welcome back to my room.
Beautiful.
This is for you.
Hi.
You watch TV.
You watch TV?
Sometimes.
Yeah.
Cartoons.
Three Stooges a lot.
Charlie Chaplin.
You know who he is?
Duh.
No you don't.
You're such a duty head.
He's wonderful.
Really.
He's an actor.
He's a movie director.
I have a dog.
It's a dachshund.
Hmm.
What's his name?
Rudy.
He's getting fat.
My mom says I feed him too much.
I love Rudy.
Do you have any pets?
Uh... A snake.
And a giraffe.
No way.
And a llama.
It's gotta be the greatest
selling album of all time.
And not just by black artists.
By any race.
Any color. okay?
Then I want the largest
concert tour there ever was.
Just stadiums only.
Just thousands and
thousands of people.
Just rushing into the stadiums.
Just all over the world.
I also want to make short films.
Featuring my music.
That's ambitious.
I can see it.
You see it?
You can do it.
I see it so clearly.
Now. Walter Yetnikoff called.
CBS wants to do a press release.
No.
No press.
No interviews.
No nothing.
He's not gonna like that.
You gotta handle that. Branka.
You see...
I want to be mysterious.
Like Arbo.
You know.
I mean. if Haley's
Comet came every year.
Just year after year.
Would you look at it?
You're gonna need publicity.
What I'm gonna need is
a good record that sells.
Nothing else matters.
Fair enough.
Then I suggest you start
laying down some killer demos.
Can you do that?
Of course.
I can do that.
What are you doing. Mike?
Chill.
Letting the Creator
give me a song right now.
If I'm not here to
receive these ideas.
God might give him the Prince.
Hello.
Put a smile on your face.
Sing to the world.
Sing all night long.
Mmm. mmm. mmm. mmm.
Almost all of the gunfire and death over
drugs and territory involves rival gangs.
Ryan Chavez reports
from Los Angeles.
A best friend killed by
a rival gang member.
Another killed at a drive-by shooting in
Sacramento because he wore the wrong color.
Those who wear blue
call themselves the Crips.
The Bloods wear red.
Some. like Smokey. survive
attacks. though paralyzed.
People dying over nothing. man.
Over a neighborhood.
Yet the city remains
filled with warring soldiers.
It's easy to creep to me.
If some of y'all don't
do. y'all don't watch out.
You wouldn't die
for him. would you?
You saying that now on TV. but
you wouldn't die for him. for real?
Yeah. I'd die for him.
But I started to get
too deep in my tries. so
I started getting in
trouble with the street.
Hey. Bill. it's me.
Hey. Joker. What's up?
Well. I need some help. I was
hoping you could pull some favors.
Okay. so they're
all at the studio.
But they're only
there because of you.
I can't believe
you're doing this.
Music will bring
people together. Bill.
That's the point.
And if things work
out. I have a big idea.
That was juicy right there.
What was that?
This dance is
going poppin'. man.
Oh!
What?
Hey. and this?
That's called the sea walk. cuz.
Yeah. hey. yeah.
Put it on. put it on. cuz.
Put it on. put it on. yeah.
Yeah. put it on. yeah.
Hey. can I get an autograph?
Come on.
Whatever. cuz.
Look. it's for my sister.
Come on.
No. yeah. of course.
Afterwards. I'll sign
autographs for everybody.
Hey!
Sure.
Look. I know this
isn't easy for you guys.
So I just want to thank
everybody for coming.
It's really important to me.
You see. I think music and dance
is what we all have in common.
That's a universal language.
We can change the world.
I believe that.
Sounds good.
Let's work on that together.
Yeah.
Keep going.
Let's. let's work on that part.
Right now. let's just
forget about the arms.
It shouldn't be too forced.
It's natural.
It's a flow.
All together.
See?
It's in unison.
Think of a school of fish.
You all move together.
You know what I mean?
I want to try something.
I just got an idea.
Bill. can you bring
my jacket. please?
I want to try something
when we travel down this way.
The jacket.
Thank you.
Let's do it again.
I'm going to break
out and do something.
But continue.
With that. with that flow.
Woo!
Yeah. I like it!
Yeah!
What do you guys think?
That was tight. bruh.
Feels good?
All right?
I want to try music now.
Yeah.
In fact. I want to put
you all in my short film.
Yo!
Yeah!
All right.
Let's crank it up. please.
I want to feel it.
I feel it.
It's your heart.
I'm burning.
The dog is just right now.
It just doesn't matter.
We just roll up right just...
CBS wants you to call
the album Michael Jackson.
Do it. go century.
Louder!
Go straight in the faucet.
Then let that ooze
into the rest of the court.
You dig?
Okay.
I'll try that.
You're on the cover
of the damn album.
You singin' on every song.
A little more.
Don't kid her. kid her now.
That's some Van Halen shit.
Not you. my Marie Antoinette.
for I will give you eternal life.
Can we stop a second?
Cut!
That was great.
You guys were perfect.
Just keep warm.
Stretch out for a second.
Hey.
Is the camera supposed
to move in there?
Uh. I-I can ask John?
Is there a-a particular
thing you're lookin' for?
Or a- Yeah. I'm just worried.
We're not gettin' the feet.
You know. Fred Astaire would always
say. you gotta get the whole body.
You know. that's how the
audience feels the dance.
Right. right.
Um...
Can you ask John
just to try that?
Just for one take?
Yeah. you got it.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So instead of moving in.
he wants the camera to
move out to see the feet.
All right.
Okay. Michael.
we're gonna pull back.
We're gonna hold
you head to toe. okay?
Perfect.
All right.
Okay. everybody. back
to first position. please.
Quiet on the ramp. please.
Watch it out.
All right.
Sound ready.
Camera set.
Get a sight.
Okay. playback.
Back.
And... Action.
What can I say. guys.
except congratulations.
Album's amazing.
Everyone's buying.
Pop charts. R&B charts.
If this kid did a duet with Reba.
we'd own the goddamn country charts.
Thanks. Walter.
Thanks so much.
Michael. everyone at the
CBS family is so proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
Now. what can I
do for you. my son?
Your wish is my command.
Well. I'm really happy
with the sales of Thriller.
But...
Very good.
We're happy with
the sales. but there's
still something we need
to do promotion-wise.
We need to get
his videos on MTV.
MTV?
Aye. aye. aye.
Not possible.
The videos are masterpieces.
You haven't even
seen Thriller yet.
It's gonna blow your mind.
And they will promote
the record like nothing else.
And if we get into heavy
rotation on MTV. the sky's the limit.
You know that.
MTV almost never
plays black artists.
I don't know why.
Maybe they don't want to scare the
shit out of the white kids in the suburbs.
Walter. I make this
record for everybody.
White and black.
We feel like Michael's
videos deserve to be seen.
Michael. let me
tell you something.
I am-
I'm a proud black
artist. Walter.
I will not be shoved to the back
of any bus by MTV or anyone.
Believe me. John. I have tried.
With love. Walter.
Please try harder.
Sally. honey. can you get me
Bob Pittman over at MTV right now?
And tell that schmuck to drop everything
and take my call right the hell now.
Of course.
Thank you.
So. Michael. are you
enjoying New York?
Yeah.
Listen. I can get you
tickets to Marcel Marceau.
On Broadway.
Front row.
You know what?
Better still.
Second row.
You don't want to be
in the front row for them.
Those French artists.
They're not so big on showering.
You know what I mean?
It's like Pepe Le Pew. but
without so much stalking.
You know. I have a burp coming because
I just had Coca-Cola like an asshole.
Sally!
Bob!
Thank you for taking my call.
Listen.
I need you to run
Billie Jean for me.
I know.
But here's the
problem with that.
I don't give a shit.
I don't give two shits.
I don't even give three shits.
So you run Billie Jean for
me and you run it all the time.
Okay. Bob.
Let me put it another way.
If you don't play Billie
Jean in the next ten minutes.
I'm going to pull every
CBS artist from your lineup.
Okay?
Bruce Springsteen. Cheap
Trick. Charlie Daniels.
Billy Joel. Cindy
Lauper. Bob Dylan.
You can put them
all in a plastic bag.
cover the plastic bag in Crisco.
and then shove them up your ass.
Yeah.
Your butthole.
We are no longer in business.
Michael Jackson's Thriller has
sold 25 million records and counting.
Michael Jackson is redefining
what it means to be a superstar.
And then single-handedly
revitalize the music business.
With the spin of Billie
Jean on the radio.
we are witnessing
the rise of the artist.
Add up the numbers.
He is one of the most
popular entertainers of all time.
And these days. that means that
he's also a one-man financial empire.
Yeah. she's more like Billy
Green from a movie scene.
I said. don't mind.
but what do you mean?
I am the one.
The good dance. the
good flow. the good round.
She says. I am the one.
The good dance. the
good flow. the good round.
She told me her
name was Billie Jean.
And she caused her sin.
Then heavy hair turned with her
eyes to dream of being the one.
The good dance. the good flow.
But she came and
stood right by me.
Cause I smell a sweet perfume.
This happened much too soon.
And she's gone into her room.
Hey. hey.
Billie Jean is like my girl.
She's just a girl who
claims none of us.
But the kid is not my son.
No. no. no.
She says I am the one.
But the kid is not my son.
My Billy Jean is not my son.
She's down with us to sing.
My Billy Jean.
There he is. there
he is. Come on.
Are you kidding me?
That was brilliant. Michael.
Oh. you shook the world
with that performance.
Oh. my goodness.
I was supposed to
stay on my toes long.
Michael. I'm so proud of you.
Everyone is talking about it.
Y'all see that
out there tonight?
Y'all see that?
Come on. y'all did your thing.
That's my son.
A regular money-making machine.
Hey. we'll catch
you later. Mike.
Yeah.
Yeah. bye. Mike.
It's okay. Mother.
Just couldn't give
him one night. huh?
So. now. let me get
this straight down.
10. 11. or 12. how
many of us do you have?
That's 13 of the current world
champions that I've promoted.
We got 110 fighters
in our stable right now.
But I'ma tell you
this. all right?
The big business that's gonna
be booming. the lightweight class.
I'm gonna take those young
stars all the way to the top.
Here you are.
Life is good. my friend.
Yes. it is.
Those Cubans. straight
from Castro himself.
Yes. yes. yes. yes. yes.
Now. what did you
want to talk to me about?
Have you thought about
getting into the music business?
Crossover type thing?
I don't follow you.
Well. I'm about to take
my boys on a world tour.
You know. we're gonna
start with North America.
You know. stadiums only.
You know. the biggest.
It's time to show the world
that the Jacksons are back.
Righto.
Bigger than ever.
Okay.
You've seen them
sales on Thriller.
People gonna be
climbing the walls.
Of course.
Is Michael gonna be there?
Of course Michael
gonna be there.
That's good to hear.
Now. what's in it for me?
I've been watching you. Don.
I watch you like a hawk.
I love the way you
promote your fighters.
You have a king of marketing.
You know. I just. I think that
you and I. if we came together.
we could form a
good partnership.
Me and you?
I cut you a good deal.
Wow.
I like deals.
I need this for my boys.
I need it.
You know. I think they deserve
the Rolls-Royce of sponsorships.
I mean. merchandising.
marketing.
You hear me?
I mean. it's gotta be huge.
You and I can do it.
The Victory Tour.
I may have something for you.
Pepsi.
They want to get
back in the game.
Michael could be
the face of the brand.
Do some commercials.
Alright.
I can see it.
Yeah.
But you wouldn't be
bullshitting me. would you. Joe?
Cause if you
can't get Michael...
No. that's my
favorite part. I think.
I'm gonna leave
it to you. Michael.
You can't go yet.
No. I'm going to bed. I'm tired.
You gotta stay for the
ending. that's the best part.
Your mother is tired. baby.
Do me a favor. make
sure you turn the lights off.
Night. mother.
Good night.
Why are you here?
Well. can't a
father visit his son?
Biggest selling
record of all time.
From a poor kid from Gary.
Who would have thought?
Me?
I thought.
Come here.
Joseph. I know
you want something.
I'm gonna need you to
tour with your brothers.
Now. I let you do
that album by yourself.
I'm gonna need
you to do this for me.
For your family.
I'm not a child anymore. Joseph.
Oh.
And you're not my manager.
Here we go.
I have to start
living my own life.
On my own.
Just like everyone else.
You ain't like everyone else.
So you're trying to tell me you
want to be treated like an adult.
All right.
You want to...
see what the world is like.
without a family
that protects you.
Without a family that...
understands you.
Nobody else will understand
you outside this place.
You'll be with all the
money in the world.
Surrounded by
people who say yes.
To everything.
Is that what you want?
What kind of sentence
does that make?
I'm gonna...
call 9K.
I know you don't want
to let your family down.
You're a whole new generation.
Loving what you do.
What a person in the motion.
The choice is left to you.
Cut! Cut! Cut! Cut!
I think we're cutting guys!
All right. here's what I need.
I'm thinking...
I'm gonna move the camera
in while you're up here.
I need to get a close-up
of you at the top.
So just feel the camera
should come down.
Okay.
Okay. great. All right.
Okay. everybody.
Here we go.
What is this?
What do we got? Take six.
Lucky six. Lucky six.
Here we go. Energy. everybody.
You love the Jacksons.
You love Pepsi. Let's go!
A marker!
B Mark.
C Mark.
And... Playback.
Michael!
Michael. you got it!
Get back! Get out
of my way! Clear!
Katie. Katie. come on.
Hey. I need to talk to you.
Sure.
I'm his father. Joseph Jackson.
This is Mother Catherine.
Hi. It's good to meet you.
Thank you.
Well. your son is
in stable condition.
All right.
And. uh. we're trying to
bring his heart rate down.
He's in a lot of pain.
Okay. well. we'll
leave him to cover.
It's too soon to tell.
It's gonna be a long road.
He has third-degree burns
and substantial nerve damage.
Do you think he'll ever
be able to perform again?
Ever?
Joseph.
Mr. Jackson. your
son almost died.
I know that.
Well. if that fire had
caught his clothes or burned
over to his face and
eyes. he wouldn't be here.
I know my boy.
And the only thing that's gonna heal
him is by getting back on that stage.
That's where he lives.
I understand that. sir.
Do you?
It's gonna be a while.
Yes. I do.
But Mr. Jackson. he's gonna
need your support to get there.
I'm sorry.
It's unlikely that'll grow back.
You'll need surgery
to laser the scar tissue
and stretch part of
the scalp over the burn.
We'll insert an implant
to protect the scalp.
We'll have to wear a wig.
Oh. right there on top.
What kind of wig?
Like. the full wig?
Hard to say.
There are prosthetic hair
weaves we can try. but we
won't know till we see how
the surgery goes next week.
You'll. um...
You'll have to stay on
the Demerol for a while.
I don't wanna take medication.
I have to be honest. Mr. Jackson.
you're gonna need them.
We have to replace
the implant periodically.
The nurse are exposed up there.
You'll be in a lot of pain.
I'll let you rest.
And I'll be back later.
You see the number of people who
have already gathered outside the hospital.
If that isn't a testament to the star power
of Michael Jackson. I don't know what is.
All right.
All right. Joker.
Got all your favorites.
Golden Temple.
Got some Mexican.
Chinese. some fried chicken.
Even got these little
red candies you like.
Thanks. Bill.
You just leave it there.
Not hungry.
Oh. okay.
Okay?
I'll leave y'all to it.
Okay.
Thank you. Bill.
I'm sorry. Michael.
I should've protected you.
Mother.
I don't wanna
discuss this right now.
No one can stop Joseph.
Nobody.
You just know that no matter what
happens. I'm gonna be here for you.
Always.
I should get some
rest now. Mother.
It's not your fault.
How are you feeling?
I'm okay.
You know. I'm
still in a lot of pain.
But the doctors say I'm
healing. so... That's good news.
There are all these kids here.
They won't fully heal and
just burns all over their bodies.
It just breaks my heart.
It truly does.
You know. it got me thinking...
I need to do more for them.
How much are we
getting for the accident?
It should be around
seven figures.
I need every penny donated
to the burn center here.
Please. you gotta
make that happen.
Yeah. of course.
I'm getting really sleepy.
These pain meds.
Get some rest.
And I'll come check
on you tomorrow.
Okay.
Did you bring that?
Oh. the mouse.
Yeah.
That's for me.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org